hey guys Alex here before this video
starts with you guys when I head over to
CSKA live.com and use code Alex go pal I
wouldn't greatly appreciate it by using
my code you guys can open up any milspec
case which is a blue or create your own
30 cent case you create the odds you
create the price and enjoy the video
guys hey guys Alex here welcome back to
live video and in today's video we are
CSKA live.com
Jesus why can't these guys sponsor me I
was conceived before this video started
I think I put an intro there and god I
hope I did something didn't even try out
that bad but you guys haven't used code
AG hey Alex Kapow already please do so
it would help me out aid a ton and you
guys can't open like I said any milspec
or any case you guys create so let's
have some fun as you can see this is an
honest opening which means it is not
sponsored this is my own twenty dollars
fun fact my card just got declined to
talk about so with the twenty dollars I
have right now I want to do some basic
cases obviously we'll we will create our
own case later on but for now let's
stick to the default here and maybe
we'll do a featured users case but I
would really really like to open my own
so this one's called profit this one's
called days DS kappapride case so I'm
not sure if anybody's ever gotten a
knife with a point zero nine nine nine
percent chance I doubt it's happened
this guy's obviously not greedy there's
a zero tax I do appreciate that started
this case we seriously wouldn't just got
ourselves a case so thank God I opened
that but that's I guess it's pretty he's
in case you guys get like fifty cents
profit about that so I'm still not gonna
do that
I want one it's either go big or go home
you know I'm gonna open up I'm gonna
open up a default case because I said I
said I was gonna do that so I'm gonna do
that so let's just saw let's open this
one no time for opening yeah some
Testament so here we go guys with the
first case the whole video that's
actually open by us hopefully joining up
getting profit so straight off the bat
looks like we're gonna unbox keep going
don't keep going yes oh I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna sell it I'm gonna sell
everything at the end of the video so
right off the bat we're up two bucks
that's pretty sick I'm not expecting
anything good so let's try opening the
ak-47 cases we won't be down with to
fifteen dollars but that still means we
have fifteen more chances to unbox in
full five-dollar cases so because you
know 5/3 is
Oh No fine fine fine - I run a test in
our first ak-47 case because this is the
most expensive case we've opened yeah so
might as well take some prize install a
little bit before we go so right off the
bat we did unbox this right now dude God
dude
sweets that's either that's that's
basically three bucks profit we're gonna
open this pray for the best guys oh why
is it white what is it I don't like that
maybe this is a time waster but here we
go guys
a k47 case-hardened here we come we
passed one and can you magic we got a
fire servant guys that'd be sick and
looks like we're gonna get it we're
gonna get a Vulcan no we're gonna yes
they died all right we got a Jaguar guys
six that's six bucks
I was gonna say sick buying up saying
six but either at work cuz is basically
six bucks sadly is battle-scarred for
the % for that a battle scar Jaguar was
are you kidding us a 2% I'm pretty high
but that so all these are basically not
profit but luckily for us we're still up
and the bank guys I think we're up like
say eight dollars so we'll be like 24 if
we sold everything right now so so far
it's been doing pretty freakin well use
code Alex go pal please
now what's up some fun on some of the
other cases there's a premium case this
looks sick who made this case I'll thank
God I did not just open that alright
guys I think it's time we start creating
our own case cuz it's mainly the big
cool thing about this site so I've
already made one case back in the time I
totally prepared for this video I didn't
I I'm freezing but yeah this is a pretty
cool case I made I'm not gonna open it
because I have better things to open but
I actually I got a na a K for dannika
like a teen or Legion so I was trying to
shoot for profit as you can see there's
an emerald pin strike and all six that
was I love that case
alright this case it's called no balls
and basically you have a three percent
chance for a dragon lower leaving with
another three for a Koran bit lower yes
that's a sick case eighty percent chance
you do rip everything so if I did end up
opening one of these I don't even think
it's worth at this point when it comes
to this close to the odds I would never
open this but like I said if I honestly
had the money to do it I might do it so
damn I would have ripped so much money
Sean I was trying to make a case tonight
I messed up I keep the inside track
alright this case is like two dollars
and fifty four cents with the 12 cent
you you are you were home for that one
so I'm gonna I'm gonna open it and pray
for the best it is
basically I'd say I think that's like an
critic it's like 90% chance for not get
anything good so I'm not gonna test open
I'm just gonna open her here we go guys
hopefully we can get that dream knife
going on there can you imagine the 1%
flat say guys I would die and now so far
that was one of the worst cases I have
ever opened I'm pissed
all right let's open some cases guys
something I've been stalling this one I
get sidetracked too easily so I'll let's
make it a sick marble fail looking
kitten now we're doing the bright let's
do the gamma-gamma Doppler one looking
the stuff I like to involve will put in
this case we'll put a factor an old do
the OP DD Pat and uh what else could we
put in here we're yeah we can't make
everything too expensive or all stuff
caught prices the case will be really
really expensive so um we'll put that as
a 10% chance no bump that up make that a
20% chance no I want to add some
diversity to this case we're gonna put a
10% for the op de Pat and we'll make a
what's another good skin we'll put a
road rash saying I think that's both
from overpass collection so there we go
20 20 % for profit we'll throw in a m4a1
guardian this will be in another 10
through photos at 20 you Yolo all right
and then everything from there will be
either in a Sikh safari match these are
sick I love that skin and this will
leave us with a 50 dual Berettas
Panthers 410 so basically what we just
did was create a case that's actually
not bats like $4 but you could get a
freaking op de Pat or a road rash that
are both like good profit I think it's
like 12 - money money and we got the
m4a1 Guardians those pretty pretty good
chance to make props let's create the
case what I do I really need to put a
name does that need alright
yeah boyo I should put a tax on that
yeah we got a tax down there you know
call me a hypocrite but I need money so
let's just test fitness really fast and
see if we would get profit from it so it
looks like from this case we would have
gotten ourselves let's get something
good just for the test spin to get me
hyped up for it and the holy crap guys
that's a lot of Road Rash
and now we're gonna we would have gotten
ops of fire mass holy crap my confidence
is really low all right we got to keep a
high bail we're opening this boy it's
like a 50% chance for profit no dude not
50% 60% for not profit so let's open
this case and hopefully let's shoot for
the win guys I'll shoot for the object
Pat please don't let me down man I need
money there's like 15 bucks
get that and it looks like we're past
all this good stuff and we're gonna be
getting yourself bro bro bro but go keep
going no kill ha I don't even want that
I'm in for suppressing I work she'll be
open another we're open to one more
we're open up one more guys we got it we
can't get to nonprofits in a row that's
including a testament so here we go give
me a knife that's not even in here I
would actually prefer to get an opt-in
pad this point if I don't get if I don't
get it fight Oh bro if you don't keep
going thank God thank God we got
prophets about time we got something
good definitely worth the way I'm pretty
hyped about that that's it does exactly
a dollar profit
it's a 447 in this case was 347 without
my tax so kudos to me man I just made
profit not really but sorta
now I'm browsing some more cases for
some more stuff there's a lot of cool
stuff in here I'm not gonna lie we
should go back to some cases we did good
on I like to pre mean case a lot there's
a $10 low tier and we have five bucks so
I could sell everything out of it but
I'm not gonna do that actually I'm gonna
open up this premium case it's not even
a bad case to be honest a lot of Pink's
in here I like the diversity kind of
hides it out some more so if we end up
getting the beignet marble barb barb
buck okay all right we're gonna open
this Auburn I tested in the first case
here's only three bucks so it's not an
expensive case at all and so if we do
get this guy's live will be a hella lit
so let's see if we can get something
good and let's go all right open it up
hopefully we can't get profit it does
kind of suck see my money go down the
drain but you know it's a video give me
the Bayon eyes Doppler or the m9
whatever you guys feel like give it all
they've got get the boom yes oh my god
thank God let's go $16 I thought that
was dirty dude dang dude there's a 1%
chance we got that I thought we would
get the p2000 chain mail not gonna lie
but dude I did not think we get that yo
what if we test fit no I don't have
enough to open up another one right now
but if I open another one of these what
would we have god I pray to God if we if
we get the pain that Doppler I'm gonna
cry so uh if I didn't up opening one
more of these I would have lost money
guys dude we're kit we're staying out of
that case we took everything we could
have profit wise and right or at we
outie all right guys I just created
another case with an op manual
and Jeff were like $0.01 I know oh my
problem eight sunshine could we like
dunk alright I just created I've already
said that but I finally fixed the math
behind it it's just I obviously an 80%
chance for the breakout and we're in a
in this case uh helps feed my children
that is a stolen meme off my boy TCK
screams so help feed my children will be
the name of this case put a period after
to make it sound serious and then
there'll be a fee of 2.5 and I guess
it's a pretty decent case we'll make it
if pure blue make it look a little
pretty so we're creating that you know
we got a variety of cases we've made so
far I'm pretty prized it's like ever
make over one just off me just proud of
it that's basically what I'm feeling
right now so if we can get this profit
yeah I'll be beyond beyond amazed so
we're gonna open it since I've already
killed enough time how it is so let's go
and shoot for it shoot for the stars
guys we have 20% chance to make this boy
count so come on baby
let's good let's pull the win and we're
gonna oh no way no way oh my god bro
we're getting so lucky oh all right all
right straight up guys we've done
nothing but incredible we're just
amazing alright we've done all I know we
did we didn't really freaking go we
started with 20 we'll saw everything
except the OP boom because I kind of
like that skin I might just give it away
or something but it's gonna sell
everything is selected and that by
itself will bump us up two bucks in
sixty cents profit now this is where we
do some more beefy stuff I do want to
spend a little bit more money so let's
do a covert case I know we've only done
one default so might as well just do
another one so we got some chances for
some fiery serpents even some dealers I
guess that the percent for dealers like
really freaking high know like so yeah a
lot of chance we get something bad so
let's pray for the best guys let's just
do a test Finn I know you guys can get
pissed I mean like dudes dudes are so
many more test fins than I've ever I've
never seen anybody else do someone I
don't think we're gonna get profit I
don't think we're yet we're not gonna
give anything good bro look at the odds
bro I here we go we're opening up one of
these cases will bump us down to fifteen
dollars and sixty seven so let's buy
this case and basically shoot for the
best so let's go come on baby
give me the dragon lower with the point
zero zero one shot anything's possible
never even seen anybody go by it
damn how much prob well how much profit
would have that would have what bro how
that would have been forty bucks profit
dan Oh easy profit case it does go for
four bucks and twenty says it's boy
alright she's gonna ask him for twenty
all right dude this is a cool case I'm
not gonna lie it is five bucks profit
you get anything other than the gray so
let's open this up and shoot for them
shoot for the stars guys open this case
let's pray for the best and get to Bane
adop I saw actually just go by so quick
you know I had that go by once more
under my school and I'd be pretty sick
and now this case is gonna promise us
bro oh my god yo kill yourself you know
I kind of like this case premium I've
already opened this is a different one
this is there I'll open this one what if
we opened two it wants that be sick oh
man that's hard prom this is hard prop
tip or not we're gonna open this case as
well we're really ripping it all natl I
look at it and I would please pull out
guys will be very very happy and getting
the out boom once again would be pretty
sick I guess I guess I'll take that or
or a knife but we're gonna get it we're
getting in the yarn rider what bro bro
man I I'm full of happiness we have
eight dollars flat that's pretty cool
all right now this is on this is gonna
be the coolest case of the whole video
is an 8% chance for a knife and this is
this is gonna be a hard one we'll make
it nice and goals for the children I
wasn't gonna be called um I have eight
dollars this case the because I have
eight dollars and I really need a knife
alright so that's basically it I don't
know if I have to pay my own referral
that's pretty dumb if I do so we're
gonna arm have a bayonet well it doesn't
have to be a bayonet what am I talking a
little dude the cheapest knife possible
and we'll throw will throw absolute
trash after that so we're gonna give
everything no dude I should make it not
that it's gonna be an $8 case either way
so let's make it a bullet rain Bromley
self stuff I could kiss cyrex
so the chances for a knife how it is
this is gonna be wait why am i I make
this so expensive so chances a knife
will be 20% this will be 40 this will
also be 40 so this case is
we can't make our items that expensive I
want a 20% chance for this knife there
we go
no I wrote I need a time I don't need
any dollars and I need I need I have a
ruin the joke all right this is
basically half my inventory Bert's gonna
we're gonna open up three so basically
if we test bin we did test Ben how you
forgot to mention we're test fitting so
if I actually open one of these right
now I actually would have got myself a
cake no oh my god no way
oh my god a night here we go this is the
moment of truth and tell me I really
hope I don't rip everything all right
opening this we're pray for the best not
kidding me - give me the gun nice
staying guys we will be up like 50 bucks
if we do enough unboxing this so
straight up guys we did I just get our
stuff please tell me please come worth
it yes yes oh my god thank God we got
the night open use code Alex go foul ah
I would greatly appreciate it I'm very
poor and I think that's gonna be it for
the video guys if you guys did enjoy
please code down drop a like and use my
code Alex Kapow
this video could not have turned out any
better and thanks you see you school
life for not sponsoring me
I hate used to come on seas go lucky
please alright thanks thanks for
watching everybody and I will catch you
all next time don't forget yo pal I
always make those awkward